Community Marketing tasks:

Any shout outs as “any ideas to spread the word, any contacts, any worries?” 
Who got press contacts to spread the word or does intros for us? 
Check this spreadsheet or just do it! 

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1P__SsDgMm7FutH1Tj2AtAA8nCzM6jVZVWyzneLgffLU/edit#gid=0"

If we ask all Berlin Blockchain Companies (especially the ones where we have personal links to and above all that organize a meetup during the week or are somehow else engaged) to link to the Berlin Blockchain week website, that would: 

Show the unity of the ecosystem
collaboration efforts
community support. 

It is a 10 minutes tasks but could lift the ranking of the site up. We could call it “footer” or “engagement” or “collaboration” or “berlin blockchain unite” campaign. Any cool name proposed we can take.

With twitter we have shown that we can grow fast especially above 100 from Saturdays start because of the need for information, @Maria is pushing it with the EthBerlin Twitter account. But let’s say we can convince 10 other Maria’s (ok before we get any complains there is just one and if she would be a token she would be a NFT) out there, to do the same. Also we can check tweets of Berlin based startups or people involved in that space with tons of followers and retweet their tweets w/ funny comments, hoping for their retweets and support.

Can you bribe your social campaign managers and / or webmasters (maybe with a cold rink, works for sure atm) to tweet from their corporate accounts with a shorter hashtag as the proposed #berlinblockchainweek or as @FauveAltman had the brilliant idea of calling it #BLNweek. That is also an unused hashtag and it is way shorter and the super cool thing about it is, that BLN can be the abbreviation for Berlin but also for Blockchain.  

Maybe we can even have a press teaser explaining why this week is so special and that this shows what is also special about blockchain and why we all love it. It is the fact that everyone here does that on a voluntary basis to contribute to the community and that this is done and driven by various members from different companies and their only aim is to collaborate and contribute for a higher mean.

Any other thoughts to spread the word?
We are open to any nice idea or action..
